Add more discussion on attester's role in key consistency (#215)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-privacypass-rate-limit-tokens.md

after a previous Client Key change. Alternative schemes where the Attester stores the encrypted
(Client Key, Client Secret) tuple on behalf of the client are possible but not described here.

Attesters are expected to know both the Issuer Policy Window and current Issuer Encapsulation Key
for any Issuer Name to which they allow access. This information can be retrieved using the
URIs defined in {{setup}}. The current Issuer Encapsulation Key value is used to check the value

> of the issuer_encap_key_id in Client-generated requests ({{request-one}}) to reject cases where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the issuer_encap_key_id in Client-generated requests ({{request-one}}) to reject requests where
```

clients are using unique key IDs. Such unique keys could indicate a key-targeting attack that

> intends to reveal a client identity to the Issuer. In order to handle key rotation, the Attester

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intends de-anonymize a client to the Issuer. In order to handle encapsulation key rotation, the Attester
```
